---
layout: page
title: About me
comments: false
---
<div>
	<p>Hi there, I'm Puneet S. Ludu, and I'm passionate about machine learning and data analytics. I have over 9 years of experience as a machine learning engineer, working on exciting projects that have helped businesses optimize their operations and drive revenue growth.</p>
	<p>My passion for machine learning and data analytics started early in my career when I worked as a research engineer at TCS Research - India, where I developed algorithms for event detection in time series data and implemented a data harmonization framework using Java and Apache Pig.</p>
	<p>Since then, I've had the opportunity to work on a variety of projects, ranging from speaker identification and private company fact extraction to price optimization and automated home valuation. I've built end-to-end machine learning pipelines, implemented feature engineering and modeling, and leveraged distributed systems like Apache Spark and AWS to scale my solutions. In fact, one of my solutions for speaker identification is estimated to save around 20% human-hours, and another for identifying duplicate documents resulted in a 66% reduction in compute time for document processing. It's exciting to see the impact that these solutions have on the businesses that use them, and it's what keeps me motivated to keep learning and growing in this field.</p>
	<p>I'm always excited to work on new projects and tackle new challenges. I love working with cutting-edge technologies and frameworks, like Pyspark, Flask, Keras, and Hadoop, and I'm always eager to explore new ones. One of the things that I enjoy the most about my work is the opportunity to collaborate with other talented individuals and learn from them. I believe that a diverse and inclusive team is crucial for building successful machine learning solutions, and I strive to create an environment that fosters creativity, collaboration, and growth.</p>
	<p>In addition to my work, I'm also passionate about sharing my knowledge with others. I've published several papers on machine learning and data analytics, and I'm always eager to speak at conferences and events. I'm also a mentor on Kaggle, where I help others develop their skills and build exciting projects.</p>
	<p>When I'm not working on machine learning, I enjoy reading books on history and philosophy, exploring new cuisines, and spending time with my family and friends. I'm always up for an adventure and love to travel to new places to experience different cultures and lifestyles.</p>
	<p>If you're looking for an experienced and passionate machine learning engineer to help you with your projects, please feel free to get in touch with me. I'm always excited to collaborate and work on new and exciting projects. Thanks for stopping by!</p>
</div>